Install Docs: Spack Env Update (#932)
ECP-WarpX/WarpX: Docs/source/building/spack.rst

Building WarpX with Spack
===============================

WarpX can be installed using Spack.
From the `Spack web page <https://spack.io>`_: "Spack is a package management tool designed to support multiple versions and configurations of software on a wide variety of platforms and environments."

.. note::

   Quick-start hint for macOS users:
   Before getting started with Spack, please check what you manually installed in ``/usr/local``.

>    If you find entries in ``bin/``, ``lib/`` et al. that look like you manually installed MPI, HDF5 or other software at some point, then remove those files first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If you find entries in ``bin/``, ``lib/`` et al. that look like you manually installed MPI, HDF5 or other software at some point, then consider removing those files first, for a cleaner installation.
```

I made this change because, for example, I needed to use the `libiconv` from /usr/lib in my all-space installation to get python installed.
I did it by by adding to  ~/.spack/darwin/packages.yaml:
```vim
packages:
  libiconv:
    buildable: False
    paths:
      libiconv: /usr
```

Author: Interesting work-around, thanks for sharin. Sounds like a recipe bug to me... Are you building a specific version of python or the current default (`3.7.6`)?

Reviewer: It is the current default, built with spack without any other special instruction.

Author: And you build with clang or GCC from homebrew (which version)? Can you please post your full `packages.yaml`?
I am trying to reproduce this in https://github.com/ax3l/spack-emacs/runs/603445037?check_suite_focus=true

Re the wording changes: not removing/cleaning up did prevent on two people's macOS last week (no names ;-) ) to successfully compile, so I would not word it "too optional" like "can be done later" :)

Reviewer: With clang, I am using:
```bash
$ cat ~/.spack/darwin/packages.yaml
packages:
  libiconv:
    buildable: False
    paths:
      libiconv: /usr
  all:
    providers:
      mpi: [mpich, openmpi]
```
Good point!

Author: Thanks! Fixed in https://github.com/spack/spack/pull/16193 :)

   If you find software such as MPI in the same directories that are shown as symbolic links then it is likely you `brew installed <https://brew.sh>`_ software before.
   Run `brew unlink ... <https://docs.brew.sh/Tips-N%27-Tricks#quickly-remove-something-from-usrlocal>`_ on such packages first to avoid software incompatibilities.

Spack is available from `github <https://github.com/spack/spack>`_.

> Spack only needs to be cloned and can be used right away - there are no installation steps.

Reviewer: Maybe we can move to here the link to the spack tutorial (it is super well done!)

Author: Good idea, you mean the one here? https://spack-tutorial.readthedocs.io

Reviewer: Yes, exactly :)

Reviewer: Thanks for all the changes and for explaining everything Axel

Reviewer: I don't see the approve buttons. But I think as soon as you mark this conversation as resolved, they will come back and I will be able to approve this PR.

> Spack is available from `github <https://github.com/spack/spack>`_.
> Spack only needs to be cloned and can be used right away - there are no installation steps.
> The spack command, ``spack/bin/spack``, can be used directly or ``spack/bin`` can be added to your ``PATH`` environment variable.

Author: Something like this, @LDAmorim ?
```suggestion
Spack is available from `github <https://github.com/spack/spack>`_.
Spack only needs to be cloned and can be used right away - there are no installation steps.
The spack command, ``spack/bin/spack``, can be used directly or ``spack/bin`` can be added to your ``PATH`` environment variable.
Do not miss out on `the official Spack tutorial <https://spack-tutorial.readthedocs.io/>`_ if you are new to Spack.
```

Reviewer: Yes, it looks very good this way!
